Make `raise_for_status` chainable (#2776)
encode/httpx: docs/quickstart.md

For more information check: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/404
```

> Any successful response codes will simply return `Resposne` itself rather than raising an exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any successful response codes will simply return `Response` itself rather than raising an exception.
```

> Any successful response codes will simply return `Resposne` itself rather than raising an exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any successful response codes will return the `Response` instance rather than raising an exception.
```

```pycon
>>> r.raise_for_status()
```

> You can just call it after HTTP method to verify response code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method returns the response instance, allowing you to use it inline. For example:
```
